So yesterday I was viewing a few new
apartments and every single apartment I
saw had something I didn't like.
>> One was big but it had no sunset view.
The other one had construction noise.
The other one was too small. The other
one was just dark.
>> So there was literally
nothing that was perfect. And then the
agent goes and says, "Well, you can't
have it all. You need to choose where
you want to compromise on." And I'm
looking at him. You know who you're
talking to. I'm always getting what I
want. I will just wait for another
building to open. Ladies, let's
normalize to not deal with people who
want to keep us small. There is nothing
in this world you can not have. You just
need to be patient and not settle for
what you don't want. If it's
relationship, if it's apartment,
business, money, you can have it all.
Okay? You do not need to compromise on
anything. Cut off the people who want to
keep you small. If someone says you
can't have it all, these are the people
that can't have it all. Especially not
you in their life.